Serving React (w/ React Router & TypeScript) using Fiber (#125)
gofiber/recipes: react-fiber/README.md

# React Fiber

A sample application to showcase serving React (with Router) with an almost bare Fiber. Hopefully, this application can be of use (as a reference or others) for those who wants to serve their client-side SPA with Fiber.

## Technologies

- Go with Fiber
- React with TypeScript and React Router
- Docker

## Application

- This application has three routes: `/`, `/react`, and a catch-all, 404 route. `/` will show the Fiber logo, `/react` will show the React logo, and the 404 route will show both logos.
- As this application serves the frontend while backed by a server, the client-side routing will work well and will not cause any issue (unlike if you are running without a file server). You can type the URL route manually in the browser and it will still work and will render the accurate page, so no worries.

> - This is a simplified form of Create React App with TypeScript. With that being said, that's why there is no `manifest.json`, `logo512.png`, and other stuff like that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This is a simplified form of Create React App with TypeScript. With that being said, that's why there is no `manifest.json`, `logo512.png`, and other extra things like that.
```
